docs: fix NoOp term to AsyncSwap (#877)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/quickstart/04-hooks/03-async-swap.mdx

---
title: AsyncSwap Hooks
---

One feature enabled by [custom accounting](/contracts/v4/guides/custom-accounting) is​​​​‌ AsyncSwap swap. This feature allows hook developers to replace the v4 (v3-style) swap logic.

> This means developers can replace Uniswap's internal core logic for how to handle swaps. Two emergent use-cases are possible with AsyncSwap:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means developers can replace Uniswap's internal core logic for how to handle swaps. Two emergent use-cases are possible with custom accounting:
```
